#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
camel-converter[pydantic]==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   meilisearch
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via edx-lint
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
coverage[toml]==7.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
diff-cover==9.2.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.20
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-nine
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf==0.22.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
django-nine==0.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
edx-opaque-keys==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
elasticsearch==7.13.4
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==37.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   diff-cover
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
meilisearch==0.34.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==10.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-nine
    #   gunicorn
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==17.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pep8==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   camel-converter
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pylint==3.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymongo==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   edx-django-release-util
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   meilisearch
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.25.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
setuptools==80.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pbr
